Young lady, you are here
What young lady
Who made you call yourself that?
You are Jie Shao's new wife
Of course I'll call ma'am
Don't call it that in the future
It sucks.
And
Let him go
But this is what Jie Shao meant
Say it's going to be scrapped
It's my big day.
I don't want to see blood unlucky
But you two
Can't understand human language?
I'm telling you, you have to listen to me
Or are you two more capable than him?
No no no no no no no
Well, since it's Mrs. Shao?
Ah no no no
Since it is Miss Yao's intention
All right, quick, quick
Let the person go
None of your business, go away
Get out of here we get out
Uncle, are you alright?
No.
Why are there so many injuries?
I I I
Get some rest
What are you doing?
Master Zhao, why are you so low-key to me?
You've been hurt so much
I'm going to clean your wound.
What do I do with your clothes on?